Add tutorial that describes compression and async loading. (#485)
google/filament: web/docs/tutorial_suzanne.md

```bash
# Create S3TC variant of the IBL, then rename it to have a _s3tc suffix.
cmgen -x . --format=ktx --size=256 --extract-blur=0.1 --compression=s3tc_rgba_dxt5 \
    syferfontein_18d_clear_2k.hdr
cd syfer* ; mv syfer*_ibl.ktx syferfontein_18d_clear_2k_ibl_s3tc.ktx ; cd -

# Create ETC variant of the IBL, then rename it to have a _s3tc suffix.
cmgen -x . --format=ktx --size=256 --extract-blur=0.1 --compression=etc_rgba8_rgba_40 \
    syferfontein_18d_clear_2k.hdr
cd syfer* ; mv syfer*_ibl.ktx syferfontein_18d_clear_2k_ibl_etc.ktx ; cd -

# Create small uncompressed Skybox variant, then rename it to have a _tiny suffix.
cmgen -x . --format=ktx --size=64 --extract-blur=0.1 syferfontein_18d_clear_2k.hdr
cd syfer* ; mv syfer*_ibl.ktx syferfontein_18d_clear_2k_skybox_tiny.ktx ; cd -

# Create full-size uncompressed Skybox and IBL
cmgen -x . --format=ktx --size=256 --extract-blur=0.1 syferfontein_18d_clear_2k.hdr
```

## Define textured material

You might recall the `filamat` file we generated in the previous tutorial for red plastic. For this
demo, we'll create a material that uses textures for several parameters.

> Create the following textz file call it `textured.mat`. Note that our material definition now

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create the following text file called `textured.mat`. Note that our material definition now
```

Author: Done.
